# Apple-Store-Analysis-using-SQL
**OBJECTIVE**
---
The Apple Store is like a huge digital marketplace where you can find lots of mobile apps for various purposes. It's essential for our digital lives, offering us ways to work, chat with friends, and have fun on our devices. Think of it as a mirror that shows us how technology is changing, what people like, and all the new and creative mobile apps that people are making.

The goal of this analysis was to deep dive into the vast reservoir of data generated by the Apple Store, leveraging the power of Structured Query Language (SQL) to reveal invaluable insights.

**DATA DESCRIPTION**
---
**Data Source:**  The data used for this analysis was obtained from Kaggle.

**Dataset Link:** https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/ramamet4/app-store-apple-data-set-10k-apps

**Content**: In the dataset, there is a total of 7197 apps’ data. And there are 2 files appleStore_description.csv and AppleStore.csv.

**Dataset1: AppleStore.csv**
1.	"id": App ID
2.	"track_name": App Name
3.	"size_bytes": Size (in Bytes)
4.	"currency": Currency Type
5.	"price": Price amount
6.	"rating_count_tot": User Rating counts (for all versions)
7.	"rating_count_ver": User Rating counts (for current version)
8.	"user_rating": Average User Rating value (for all versions)
9.	"user_rating_ver": Average User Rating value (for current version)
10.	"ver": Latest version code
11.	"cont_rating": Content Rating
12.	"prime_genre": Primary Genre
13.	"sup_devices.num": Number of supported devices
14.	"ipadSc_urls.num": Number of screenshots shown for display
15.	"lang.num": Number of supported languages
16.	"vpp_lic": Vpp Device-Based Licensing Enabled

**Dataset2: appleStore_description.csv**
1.	id: App ID
2.	track_name: Application name
3.	size_bytes: Memory size (in Bytes)
4.	app_desc: Application description


